https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14070 (#7039)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_return_hub.adoc

[#return-initial-hub]
= Returning to the initial hub cluster after a restore 

> In this scenario, run a disaster recovery test by simulating a disaster that makes the primary hub cluster unusable, requiring you to restore hub data on a new hub cluster. In this simulation, the backup data is restored to a new hub cluster, and you must verify that all the data has been recovered successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, run a disaster recovery test by simulating a disaster that makes the primary hub cluster unusable, requiring you to restore hub cluster data on a new hub cluster. In this simulation, the backup data is restored to a new hub cluster, and you must verify that all the data is recovered successfully.
```

> After you complete all the required tests, return to the initial hub cluster by using the primary hub cluster as the active hub cluster. To do this, restore the data back to the initial hub cluster. This action is known as controlled recovery operation because users are able to control the timing of the recovery operation. Users can run any required steps to prepare the primary hub cluster, so that users can reuse the hub cluster after completing the disaster recovery test. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete all the required tests, return to the initial hub cluster by using the primary hub cluster as the active hub cluster. To do this, restore the data back to the initial hub cluster. This action is known as controlled recovery operation because you are able to control the timing of the recovery operation. You can run any required steps to prepare the primary hub cluster, so that you can reuse the hub cluster after completing the disaster recovery test. 
```

[#prerequisite]
== Prerequisite 

> * To prepare the backup hub cluster for the restore operation and to run the restore, complete the following documentation: xref:../backup_restore/backup_active_restore.adoc##keep-hub-active-restore[Keeping the primary hub cluster active during a restore process]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#return-initial-prereq]
== Prerequisite 

To prepare the backup hub cluster for the restore operation and to run the restore, complete the following documentation: xref:../backup_restore/backup_active_restore.adoc#keep-hub-active-restore[Keeping the primary hub cluster active during a restore process]. 
```

[#making-active-hub]
== Making the new hub cluster the active hub cluster  

To begin the simulation, you must make the new hub cluster the active hub cluster by completing the following steps:

> . Run the restore operation on the new hub cluster to make it the active hub cluster. 

Reviewer: I understand that the topic "Running the restore operation exist, but I was considering the back and forth or clicks that the user might have to do. 
```suggestion
. To make the new hub cluster the active hub cluster, run the restore operation on the new hub cluster by applying the `restore-acm.yaml` file.
```

> . Verify that the managed clusters are now connected to the new hub cluster.

Reviewer: How does the user do this? Do they only need to look at the `restore-acm.yaml` file to confirm a parameter value?

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick the user should check the status of the managed clusters in the clusters UI - this is how you can see if a managed cluster is connected with the hub

> . Run your disaster recovery simulation tests on this hub cluster.

Reviewer: Is there a command that the user has to run?

Reviewer: @jc-berger @birsanv how does the user do this?

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick there is no command in particular, should use the console ui to check that the clusters status is ready. Any other way of checking that the clusters are connected are outside of this documentation and should be covered by the acm console doc

Reviewer: Based on @birsanv explanation, @jc-berger what are your thoughts about my suggestion here:
```suggestion
. Verify that the clusters have the `Ready` status, which indicates a successful connection. Run your disaster recovery simulation tests on your new hub cluster.
```

[#returning-primary-hub]
== Returning to the primary hub cluster 

> After your disaster recovery tests complete, you are ready to return to the primary hub  cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet. To do this, complete the following sections to return to the primary cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your disaster recovery tests complete, you can return to the primary hub cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet. To do this, complete the following sections to return to the primary cluster:
```

* <<creating-backup,Creating a backup on the restore hub cluster>>
* <<preparing-restore-hub,Preparing the restore hub cluster for the move>>
* <<making-initial-hub,Making the initial hub cluster the active hub cluster>>
* <<enabling-backup-schedule,Enabling the backup schedule on the primary hub cluster>>

[#creating-backup]
=== Creating a backup on the restore hub cluster

To restore the data back to the initial hub cluster, create a backup on the restore hub cluster by completing the following steps: 

> . On the restore hub cluster, apply the following resource:
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
> kind: BackupSchedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the restore hub cluster, apply the following resource:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
```

metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:

>  veleroSchedule: 0 */1* 

Author: @birsanv the original line here was ` 0 */1 * * * ` 

That made some weird bolding issues. Anyway, I'm trying to fix it, but before I make too many commits, I wanted to see how the format of this yaml line must be before I continue to make changes to it.

Reviewer 2: @jc-berger this is the format https://github.com/stolostron/cluster-backup-operator/blob/main/config/samples/cluster_v1beta1_backupschedule_msa.yaml

Reviewer 3: https://stolostron.github.io/rhacm-docs/special_considerations see if the answer is in internal docs @jc-berger -- we have had to document this.

Reviewer 3: there are some other formatting issues later in the file that can be fixed with a space.

Reviewer 2: sorry, I lgtm, but this needs to be fixed first, it should be 
  veleroSchedule: 0 */1 * * *

 veleroTtl: 120h
 useManagedServiceAccount: true
 paused: false
----

> . Make sure the {prod-short} backups are generated and have the `Completed` status.

Reviewer: I didn't see prod-short in the common-attributes file. Did you mean acm-short?
```suggestion
. Make sure the {acm-short} backups are generated and have the `Completed` status.
```

[#preparing-restore-hub]
=== Preparing the restore hub cluster for the move 

To prepare the restore hub cluster for the move back to the initial hub cluster, complete the following steps on the restore hub cluster: 

. Pause the backup schedule by setting the `paused=true` property on the `schedule-acm-msa BackupSchedule` resource.

> . Add the `import.open-cluster-management.io/disable-auto-import: '' annotation to all  ManagedCluster` resources so they do not connect back to this hub cluster after being moved back to the primary hub cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To ensure the `ManagedCluster` resources do not connect back to the initial hub cluster after getting moved back to the primary hub cluster, add the `import.open-cluster-management.io/disable-auto-import: ''` annotation to all `ManagedCluster` resources.
```

[#making-initial-hub]
=== Making the initial hub cluster the active hub cluster

When you make the initial hub cluster the active hub cluster, all the managed clusters are returned to and managed by the initial hub cluster. To do this, complete the following steps:

. Go to the initial hub cluster. 

> . Restore all the resources from the secondary hub cluster backup by applying the following restore resource: 
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
> kind: Restore
> metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Restore all the resources from the secondary hub cluster backup by applying the following restore resource: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Restore
metadata:
```

 name: restore-acm
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
 cleanupBeforeRestore: CleanupRestored
 veleroManagedClustersBackupName: latest

>  veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
>  veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
> ----
> 
> *Note:* Since the `cleanupBeforeRestore` property has the `CleanupRestored` value, a cleanup operation runs after all resources are restored. This cleanup operation removes any hub resource that is not part of the restored backup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 veleroCredentialsBackupName: latest
 veleroResourcesBackupName: latest
----
+
*Note:* When you set the `cleanupBeforeRestore` property to `CleanupRestored`, a cleanup operation runs after all resources are restored. This cleanup operation removes any hub resource that is not part of the restored backup. 
```

[#enabling-backup-schedule]
=== Enabling the backup schedule on the primary hub cluster 

> Now that the initial hub cluster is the primary hub cluster again, enable the backup schedule on the primary hub cluster by completing the following step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the initial hub cluster is the primary hub cluster again, enable the backup schedule on the primary hub cluster by completing the following steps:
```

. Go to the primary hub cluster
. Apply the following resource: 
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:

>  veleroSchedule: 0 */1* 

Reviewer 2: same here, it should be

  veleroSchedule: 0 */1 * * *

>  veleroSchedule: `0 */1 * * *`

Reviewer 2: tic is not a valid content for the yaml @jc-berger 
Can you use instead "0 */1 * * *" ?  This is valid

> . Go to the primary hub cluster
> . Apply the following resource: 
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
> kind: BackupSchedule
> metadata:
>  name: schedule-acm-msa
>  namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
> spec:
>  veleroSchedule: "0 */1 * * *"
>  veleroTtl: 120h
>  useManagedServiceAccount: true
>  paused: false
> ----
> 
> *Note:* The second hub can be used again as the secondary hub cluster in the `active-passive` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the primary hub cluster.
. Apply the following `BackupSchedule` resource: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: BackupSchedule
metadata:
 name: schedule-acm-msa
 namespace: open-cluster-management-backup
spec:
 veleroSchedule: "0 */1 * * *"
 veleroTtl: 120h
 useManagedServiceAccount: true
 paused: false
----
+
*Note:* The second hub cluster can be used again as the secondary hub cluster in the `active-passive` configuration.
```

After you complete all the required tests, return to the initial hub cluster by using the primary hub cluster as the active hub cluster. To do this, restore the data back to the initial hub cluster. This action is known as controlled recovery operation because you are able to control the timing of the recovery operation. You can run any required steps to prepare the primary hub cluster, so that you can reuse the hub cluster after completing the disaster recovery test. 

[#return-initial-prereq]
== Prerequisite 

To prepare the backup hub cluster for the restore operation and to run the restore, complete the following documentation: xref:../backup_restore/backup_active_restore.adoc#keep-hub-active-restore[Keeping the primary hub cluster active during a restore process]. 

[#making-active-hub]
== Making the new hub cluster the active hub cluster  

To begin the simulation, you must make the new hub cluster the active hub cluster by completing the following steps:

> . To make the new hub cluster the active hub cluster, run the restore operation on the new hub cluster by applying the `restore-acm.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: There is no `restore-acm.yaml` file mentioned until now .. 

This sentence should convey that you can now run the restore operation ( it does not matter what yaml file you restore, this is outside the scope here ) 
This needs to be changed , I suggest 

- You can now run the restore operation on the new hub cluster to make it the active hub cluster.

> . To verify that the managed clusters are now connected to the new hub cluster, check the status of the managed clusters in the cluster UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To verify that the managed clusters are now connected to the new hub cluster, check the status of the managed clusters from the cluster console. 
```

> . Run your disaster recovery simulation tests on this hub cluster.

Reviewer: @birsanv @jc-berger Can we clarify "this hub cluster". Is it suppose to be the new hub cluster or active hub cluster?

> . Run your disaster recovery simulation tests on this new hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run your disaster recovery simulation tests on the new hub cluster.
```
